Add OIDC check (#1443)
PaloAltoNetworks/prisma-cloud-docs: code-security/policy-reference/aws-policies/aws-iam-policies/iam-358.adoc

> == Ensure GitHub Actions OIDC trust policies only allows actions from a specific known organization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Ensure GitHub Actions OIDC trust policies only allow actions from a specific known organization
```

=== Policy Details 

[width=45%]
[cols="1,1"]
|=== 
|Prisma Cloud Policy ID 
| TBD

|Checkov ID 
| https://github.com/bridgecrewio/checkov/tree/master/checkov/terraform/checks/data/aws/GithubActionsOIDCTrustPolicy.py[CKV_AWS_358]

|Severity
|HIGH

|Subtype
|Build

|Frameworks
|Terraform,TerraformPlan

|=== 

=== Description 

This check is designed to examine AWS IAM policy documents to ensure that GitHub Actions OIDC trust policies only allow actions from a specific, known organization. It checks whether a GitHub Actions based OIDC IAM assume role policy doesn't contain a condition to filter access to only a specific GitHub org/repo, allowing every GitHub account to assume the role.

=== Fix - Buildtime

*Terraform* 

* *Resource: aws_iam_policy_document*
* *Argument: principals, condition* 

> If you are using federated acces for GitHub Actions, add a `condition` with a specific repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using federated access for GitHub Actions, add a `condition` with a specific organization.
```

[source,go]
----
data "aws_iam_policy_document" "fail1" {
  version = "2012-10-17"

  statement {
    effect = "Allow"
    action = [
      "sts:AssumeRoleWithWebIdentity"
    ]
    principals {
      identifiers = ["arn:aws:iam::123456123456:oidc-provider/token.actions.githubusercontent.com"]
      type        = "Federated"
    }

> 
> +   # Add this block with your repository in the values
> +   condition {
> +     test     = "StringEquals"
> +     values   = ["repo:myOrg/myRepo:ref:refs/heads/MyBranch"]
> +     variable = "token.actions.githubusercontent.com:sub"
> +   }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    condition {
      test     = "StringEquals"
      values   = ["sts.amazonaws.com"]
      variable = "token.actions.githubusercontent.com:aud"
    }

+   # Add this block with your organization name in the values
+   condition {
+     test     = "StringEquals"
+     values   = ["repo:myOrg/*"]
+     variable = "token.actions.githubusercontent.com:sub"
+   }
```
the next check will deal with the more restrictive approach of setting it to a specific branch
